All prices exclude VAT and other taxes.
We have allowed within our preliminary costs for the clearing of our rubbish
This price is open for acceptance for 30 days from date of this estimate. We reserve the right to change our prices following the expiry date of our quotation (materials prices/ exchange rates can change).
We have made no allowance within our tender for protecting our works. Any protection required will incur an additional cost unless agreed otherwise.
All of our products have different lead times, dependant on the production dates.
Our price is based on deliveries and works being carried out during normal working hours (8am to 5pm Monday to Friday and excluding Bank Holidays) in one continuous visit within the confines of a mutually agreeable programme. It also assumes that materials can be delivered in large full loads. Multiple visits and multi-phased working will be chargeable unless specifically agreed and stated in our quotation.
We make no allowance for any builders work (BWIC) and making good, this is deemed by others.
The following payment terms will apply for any orders; 50% deposit payment and 50% seven days prior to installation. Unless otherwise stated.
If no contract program is issued at tender/contract commencement then we reserve the right to review our contract sum in light of potential acceleration or extended working.
We do not accept any cost set off unless we are notified within 10 working days of the event. Due to the nature of the specialist components employed in our assemblies we cannot be held responsible for delays.
It is the responsibility of the client to check our detailed quotation to ensure that we are compliant/ our schedule is in accordance with the project requirements.
We offer a 12-month guarantee on our workmanship (to cover the defects liability period) and offer a 3 year warranty for most products. Please request the warranty period prior to order so that you are aware of this.
In lieu of a specification we will always design and price to the relevant EU/ British Standards.
We endeavour to allow for all necessary access equipment within our quotation however we reserve the right to charge additional monies should we discover that further access equipment is required following our access survey. We make no allowance for carnage, unless agreed otherwise in writing or shown within our offer.
Our price is based on dimensions being confirmed to us unless site survey is shown as included within our offer.
Distance selling regulations do not apply. We have a fully functioning showroom facility and clients are encouraged to visit the showroom to view our products and discuss the project with a sales representative/ the relevant estimator to ensure that our offer is fully in accordance with the requirements and that our proposal suits that required by the client.
If items are omitted from our package we reserve the right to charge for the loss of profit on this item, we have had instances in the past where we have prepared and submitted our designs for an item and it has been omitted from our order/ constructed by others using our design drawings. Item costs may increase if items are omitted from our quotation as the associated costs such as labour are generally spread equally across all items.
All lead times provided are guide lead times based on recent production dates received. We cannot confirm exact delivery dates until we have received drawing approval and placed our orders with our factory/ suppliers.
We will take responsibility of our units until they are installed. Once the units are installed, the responsibility of the unit is the clients. Note that we do not take responsibility for any damage caused by others when items are being stored on site.
Any additional access equipment/ other items required will be charged at cost + 30% unless otherwise agreed.
We will fix our price for 12 months from the date of the deposit payment. If the project is delayed and we do not start production within 12 months we reserve the right to revisit our quotation.
We take no responsibility for securing the project over night when our works are on going. This is assumed to be the responsibility of the contractor on site. We can provide a cost/ make provisions for this upon demand.
The quality of all goods is warranted as suitable for their purpose when maintained and used in accordance with the written instructions provided by Gatekraft (The Company). Regular monthly inspection and testing of automatic installations, together with specialist attention at least annually, is advisable.
Moving parts present a particular hazard to animals and children who should be restrained. Automation systems abutting a place accessible by the public or subject to use by the elderly or disabled should be equipped with a device warning of motion.
The Company will ensure that the equipment supplied or installed meets Health and Safety requirements. Installation work will be carried out to the highest professional standard compatible with customer satisfaction. Manufacturer’s recommendations and current I.E.E. wiring regulations will be observed.
The purchaser is responsible for maintaining compliance with Health & Safety and for Local Planning and all other laws and regulations that may be applicable.
The liability of the company is limited to repair or replacement, at our sole discretion, of parts deemed in our opinion to be defective. A 50% restocking charge will be levied in respect of parts found on inspection to be faultless.
Prices of goods and materials supplied may be subject to variation and the price charged will be that published in the relevant price list ruling at the time of delivery from the manufacturers.
Following acceptance of a quotation the Company will carry out a full site technical survey and following such survey the Company reserves itself the right to vary the original quotation.
Unless otherwise stated prices are ex-works and where appropriate, deliveries will be subject to carriage charges. Where applicable, prices quoted are subject to VAT. at the decreed rate in force at time of invoice.
In the event of any delays in the progress of work outside the control of The Company, we reserve the right to render charges to cover any costs incurred.
A handling charge of 50% will be levied in respect of orders for standard products cancelled before dispatch. The Company reserves the right to make additional charges if any costs have been incurred attributable to the order (including planning, materials, loss of profits etc.). Orders cancelled after dispatch from The Company premises are chargeable in full.
Prices quoted provide for completion of the work described; builders works together with any making good and all cabling, including the provision of a suitable power supply to the gate opening position is not normally included unless specifically stated.
Additional work to that specified or any repairs being found necessary to existing fittings during the progress of installation shall be subject to additional charges.
Quotations can only be accepted on the signed authority of the party intending to be bound. Where the party signing is acting on an agency basis, express notice must be given of the interest of the principal.
Title to any goods supplied during the course of installation shall not pass until full payment has been made in accordance with the terms outlined herein but risk in respect of such goods shall pass upon delivery. Until such time as property in the goods passes from the Company, the Purchaser shall, upon request, deliver up the goods and materials supplied by the Company and if the Purchaser fails to do so, the Company may enter upon any premises owned or occupied or controlled by the Purchaser where the goods are situated and repossess the goods.
Completion or delivery dates are approximate and depend upon punctual delivery of goods and materials by suppliers, good weather conditions and adequate site access during progress. Any dates given shall not form the essence of any contract.
Any shortcomings, damage or defects should be notified in writing to The Company within 7 days of the date of completion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, The Company shall not be liable for any consequential, contingent or incidental damages whatsoever
Your Gates, gate, posts, will be created using a natural material. As with all natural timber product that are exposed to the element, you timber will be affected by the weather and conditions in which it is stored and used. The timber will tend to react to extremes of sunshine and wind and this may lead to visible signs of splitting or checking’ or movement / twisting in the wood, this is a nature at work. Such effects will be minimised by the use of a microporous (breathable) wood preservative. We recommend that the timber be re-treated every year. We do not accept responsibility for splitting / cracking or movement / twisting in the timber.
Get in touch to discuss your railing requirements..
Call us today 01494 578656